gh-135321: Changing data type of `size` variable for `BINSTRING` in `_pickle` (#135322)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-10-00-42-30.gh-issue-135321.UHh9jT.rst

> The ``BINSTRING`` opcode of the C accelerator implementation of :mod:`pickle` was modified to have a signed 32-bit data type instead of 64-bit, keeping in line with the Python implementation of :mod:`pickle` and :mod:`pickletools`.

Reviewer: It describes the code, not what the user will see. It is also not correctly describes the issue.

Something like the following would be better:
```suggestion
Raise a correct exception for values ​​greater than 0x7ffffff for the ``BINSTRING`` opcode in the C implementation of :mod:`pickle`.
```

Author: I went ahead and added it (added an extra `f` at the end of the number too)
